My Lovely Samsoon
Episode 15
Jin Hun...
This isn't your business to worry about anymore.
I don't want this pity from you.
Kim Sam Soon won't like it if she finds out.
She'll understand.
Jin Hun.
Sam Shik!
I...I'll never be able to forget you.
You're like a stone in my heart... that can't be moved.
Just wait for a second.
I'm going to go.
It's okay.
But, I'm not okay.
Just lie down.
I'm going to go talk outside.
Don't misunderstand.
A situation occurred.
What kind of situation?
Hee Jin...is sick.
I'm sick too
My inside's hurt so much, that I'm going to faint.
She's really sick.
Where is she ill?   Is it serious?
-She won't eat anything.
- Why not?
She has anorexia.
So?  You plan on being with her all night?
How can I leave her by herself?
She has Henry.
You're not a doctor, so why do you have to be with her?
I'm going to take her there tomorrow.
I don't like it.
Send her home, right now.
What?   You don't want to send her away?
-You don't trust me?
-It's not that I don't trust you...
I just can't trust your memories when you two were together.
Let's spend some time all together then.
Sam Soon...
What are you going to do because you're not eating?
What do you want to eat?                                                                            I'll make it for you.
Sam Soon, I think it's late...
No. Your body needs to be strong
if you want your heart to be strong, too.
Just say anything, and I'll make everything for you.
Sam Soon...
Please, make me something.
Make me something tasty.
I'll eat it.
But, please make it tomorrow.
Since, it's too late right now...
Alright.
Then, I'll make it by the time you're up tomorrow.
Then...I guess I'll have to sleep here.
Then, I guess I'll just sleep on the sofa.
Get me a blanket.
I asked for a blanket.
I'll go.
I'm going to go. I wanted to leave anyways...
I'm leaving.  Don't come out.
Wait! Don't leave.
Why?
Do you not like to be under the same roof as me?
Yes.  I'm uncomfortable.
You really can't stand it?
Yes.
Then, I'll go.
I'll go.
Take care of her well.
Hey, 50 Million Won.
You have such a great life.
Your owner has come back, and you don't even say, "Hi"?
Have you dated?
Why is dating so hard?
Don't fall in love.
You're going to suffer way too much.
Just take care of the household and be faithful to your owner, okay?
Our Hun.
Did you make it back safely?
-Yeah.
-What did you take?
The buses were done for the day, so I took a taxi.
Take the subway next time.
It's dangerous.
Sam Soon.
Thanks.
What for?
For everything.
You're just saying this?
Sleep well.
You too.
Hey, I changed my mind. Fall in love. Sure, it'll be tiring, frustrating, and you're heart will ache,
but, falling in love is the best.
I can just look at you, and you'll have a fate of a princess,
but once you get older, I'll help you find love, okay?
Sleep well!
You still won't talk to me no matter what I say!
What are you doing?
You scared me!
It's not like you're a thief...
Why are you so stunned?
You scared me.
You should've warned me if you were this close to me.
Why the kimchi?
What is all this?
It's porridge.
Someone's sick.
Is it Hun?
You should've told me from the beginning.
My goodness...how did our Hun get ill?
Did he catch a cold?
It's to watery!
What kind of porridge is this?
If I knew this was the case, I would've made it for you.
You...being pregnant was all a lie, right?
When I was carrying you guys, I couldn't smell kimchi.
I continued on like I didn't know to let you marry before too late.
I'm sorry, mom.
But I'm still so worried.  It's not just a regular family, and letting you marry off to a man from a family like that..
I don't feel that good knowing my youngest child  will have to go through emotional pains by marrying such a rich family.
And you're dad would probably punish me letting you do that.
I'm going to do well, mom.
Is she still asleep?
She left.
What?
When?
When I woke up, she wasn't here.
I guess she left before sunrise.
She must have been upset after what I did last night, right?
It's probably not comfortable for her to be alone with me as well.
Where does she live? You know her address, right?
You're going to go over there?
I brought porridge.
Don't go.  It'll just be uncomfortable.
I know. But, I'm going to ignore the uncomfortable feelings inside.
Is health not more important?
Do you not trust me?
What's with that laugh?
I trust you.  Go.
Go ahead.
Hee Jin, it's me.
W-What brings you here?
Please open the door.
I brought porridge, and I'll leave once I drop it off.
Porridge?
I told you that I'd make you something delicious in the morning.
I packed porridge in here.
I'm sorry, but I'm not really in the mood.
Don't be like this and just open the door, please?
It's not right to speak to your guests outside, is it not?
I'm not doing this because I like you either...
so please don't be like this.
Where's the kitchen?
Is it here?
So heavy.
My mom is excellent at making kimchi.
I told her that my friend was sick, so she packed some for me.
Lots has been packed, so take your time eating this.
Understood?
Where's your refrigerator?  Here?
Even your fridge is big.
My goodness!  Do you not cook for yourself?
What do you eat to survive?
I will eat this later. So, please leave.
I'll leave after I see you eat.
I said I'll eat it later.
I'll leave after you eat.
Kim Sam Soon...
Are you joking around with me right now?
Why would I joke around?
If you were me, would you not feel uncomfortable?
You think anyone's comfortable right now?
When you're hurt, I hurt as well.
So, eat while I'm in front of you.
Where are your spoons?
Sit down and eat this.
I'll leave right after I see you eat 10 spoonfuls.
I'm not going to eat.  Please leave.
Just eat 10 spoonfuls.  Then I'll leave.
Please leave.
Then just eat 5 spoonfuls.
Please just leave.
Just consider my effort and...fine, eat a spoon.
What are you doing right now?
Are you insane?
Leave before I count to 3.  One...
If you don't eat, it only becomes your own suffering.
Why won't you eat?
Two...
Are men that important?
Your health is more important than that!
-Three.
-What? Anorexia?
You'll need to go over to Africa and experience real starvation.
I told you to leave before I counted to 3, didn't I?
What are you doing right now? Huh?!
I don't want to see you so just leave!
I don't want to see you either!
Hurry up and leave.
-Hey! I'm not leaving until I see you eat!
-Let go! Just leave!
Why is it any of your business if I eat or not?!
Because I feel sorry, you bitch!
Because I feel sorry!
You think I'm happy doing this?!
-Just leave!
-Hee Jin!
Sophie!
What are you doing?!
It would be best if you could start renovating things that haven't been done yet.
Yes, President.
And what is the status on the new shipment?
It should arrive by Saturday, President.
-How's the air-conditioner?
-Yes, it's been order yesterday President.
What about the vegetables?
They're coming by this afternoon, President.
-Leader Jang.
-Yes President?
I know I'm the President, so you don't have to address me in that way.
Yes, President.
Has there been any difficulties lately?
No.
These are the list of food stocks and the sales status.
Thank you.
President!
What is it?
This, is 'ten'.
In our language, it's pronounced as 'ship.'
-'Ship'?
-That's right!
Also some people call this 'Danpoong' (maple)
-But, just learn it as 10. 'Ship.'
-'Ship'.
That's right.  This is 'ship.'
This one, is eleven.  'Ship il.'
-'Ship il.'
-That's right. 'Ship il.'
-Ship il.'
-Okay?
This is twelve. 'Ship ee.'
'Ship ee.'
This is also referred to as 'rain.'
'Rain.'
But, this card is very important, so you have to keep this in mind. Because...
Under good circumstances, it's a great card. But, when you're in trouble,
then you have to get rid of it quickly!
'Rain', 'maple', 'grass', 'trees', 'moon', 'plum.'
Okay?
'Rain', 'maple',-
-No, 'maple',
-'Maple.'  There we go.
-'Grass', 'trees,'
-'Grass', 'trees.'
It's very important for accurate pronunciation, okay?
'Moon', 'plum'.
'Rain', 'maple', 'grass', 'trees', 'moon', 'plum'.
Try it.  Follow me.
That's right! Okay.  That is very, very important.
Okay? So keep that in mind.
Let's see...the next thing...
This is the deposit.  Please double check it.
What on earth is this girl doing?
That's right!  When you pair up like that, you can take it.
Your not only good-looking, but you're smart as well.
You're great.
Go on.
Don't take that.
Take that one.
-This one?
-Yeah.
That's double the points.
Really?
W-Wait, wait, wait!
Look here.  Why are you interfering?
How could you be greedy and not teach him that?
It's better if he learns as we play along.
You're sick, yet you have the strength to intefere with our game.
Woah, what are you doing?
You still have medicine in here.
We'll face you together.
How can you two pair up?
It's his first time playing.
Re-deal.
Re-deal again.
Hey, I appointed you as my Love messenger,
but why is there no progress?
It's not that simple.
Why not?
-What's your secret?
-Secret?
You must have a secret of doing well with Sam Shik.
How can you be the only one to do well with one of them?
Well...secret...There is one.
What is it? Say it now.
I'm not going to tell you.
Stop!
calculating the point 30,400 won, you should pay.
Is the medical school teaching Go-Stop game?
Are you not going to answer your phone?
What?
You said you'd be here for the contract signing for the store! What are you doing?
I don't know!  Hang up!
Ok, let's try again from the beginning.
You have to pay up first.
You think I won't?
Money.
I should've just given that porridge to the dog...
Is that sick girl staying at home all the time and playing the gamble??
So greedy and sparkly when she plays the game..
I'm going to go insane...
Are you having fun there?
Mmhmm.
But, what's this one called?
'Goo Ssang Pi.'
'Goo Ssang Pi...'
'Goo' means nine, and 'Ssang' means double.
So, why does this one go back and forth from being a 10-point into something else?
I don't know.  Whoever made it up came up with that idea.
Why don't you go and ask?
Wise answer.
Stupid question.
Are you hiding something from me?
HIding?
What?
Yeah, I think you are.
What are you talking about?
What?
I think that sometimes...when you're with me
you feel something... in your heart.
Oh...I thought it was about something else.
No!
Really?
Really.
If you say so.
Then, have you noticed...that everybody else in the world seems to be moving forward.  And yet, you seem to be stuck in the past.
You're like a... a frozen clock.
You need me to change your batteries?
What kind do you take?  Alkaline?  Cadnium?  Energizer?
No?
Choose, Choose, Choose~
Nice pass.
Henry.
Mmhmm?
I want to go back to the States.
I miss my parents.
What about school?
You know, I can always go from there.  Maybe transfer?
Are you going to leave Korea for good?
Why?  You scared that I'll bother you again?
No. But, as a matter of fact... I'll give you a job.
I'll tell you what. When you finish school and you graduate, you come see me at the hospital.
You can be my... my intern.
Good!
Yes, captain!
Thank you very much!
Is this good?
Yes.
You sure are high-class.
Hurry up and tell me your secret.
Hurry up!
What is this?  A dog or a pig?
Are you giving me this?
You said you wanted to know the secret.
This is the secret?
- I just need to give this as a present?
Yes.
Alright.
Giving a gift sounds good...
How old do you think I am to be carrying this around?
You just have to hold right under your arm like this, okay?
Don't joke around and just tell me your secret.
Why buy this doll instead?
Once she bites, she won't let it go.
Is this doll biting a girl?
Have this doll, and everything will fall into place.
As you already, like drinking, that's done.
And you should practice singing.
Stop kidding around and tell me what your secret is!
That is the secret. You will find it useful soon.
This has no mouth. How is...
Is this a dog or what?
Hey, it's me.
I have something to talk about.
Please come here for a moment.
Alright. I'll head over there now.
I'm going back to the States.
I want to be with my parents.
I lost my reason to be here.
So, with this in mind... I have a favor to ask you.
Tell me.
Drop me off.
Drop me off in America.
It's hard to go by myself.
Drop me off...
Do you...have to think about it?
Alright.  I'll drop you off.
You're not going to ask for a reason?
It's fine.  When are you leaving?
Car and apartment will be taken care of by my uncle.
I just need to know when you're available.
Alright then.
It's our last time.
I know.
Ahjussi!
Where did he go?
Where did they all go?
Geez!
Hurry up and tell me.  I have to get going.
Just wait a while longer.  She'll be here soon.
Who?
Don't blame me, it's just a favor  your mom asked.
A favor?  President Na's?
If you're told it's a blind date,
you will definitely avoid it,
So, she asked me to ask you out.
I told you. You should have listened to me!
Now look what's happened!  Making me feel bad...
I don't want to do this, so just take care of this yourself.
Oppa!
I'm going to be in trouble if you leave like this!
Your blind date is someone I'm close with.
Oppa, there she is! > Unni!
She's here.  Just sit down!
Really?  Ki Bang?
He asked me to go to see a movie together. What does it mean?
It's means he likes you, you dummy.
I don't like him... He's short, not good-looking...
and has a very big head.
It's true that he's not that greatest-looking man.
But, In Hye...
Once you get old, you can't turn it back.
When you're younger, you need to date a whole variety of men.
That way, your eyes will open up.
That way, you won't date any players. Understood?
I don't want to do that either...
You're worrying over nothing...
Then just tell him you don't like him.  Just tell him.
Hang on a second.
Hold on a moment.
Hello?
Why are you calling me?
I just had the need to tell you something interesting.
Even your screaming itself is very interesting to me.
What's the point?
Jin Hun oppa, is on a blind date.
Do you know where?
His blind date is someone I know very well...
I'm quite envious of her, but I held it in.
She's very suitable, you know.
I asked if you know where it is?
This time, she's the only daughter  from a wealthy family running a Food business.
She studied abroad and is working at the company.
Just tell me where it is, you bitch!
Sam Shik!
What are you?
You told me not to see other guys
and not to go on blind dates, and yet you do this?
This is the girl.
What are you planning?
Hurry up and get up.
Just sit down.  Let's enjoy the air-conditioning for a bit.
Are you making me mad?
How can you yell in a place like this?
-You're quite direct with everything.
-I am.
Get up. Let's go. Let's go! Get up now!
Today we have to go to hospital to have regular check-up for our baby.
Hurry!
This is the way you can try. It's surely working well.
So, I guess I'll be looking forward to our co-operation together in the future.
Yes, I hope things will work out as well.
Well, I'll be leaving now.
If I don't, I'm dead.
Good-bye.
What was that?
What did you tell her about me?
If you don't have good manners,
please have  good sense at least.
What?
If that was the case, then you should have just told me.
This is just embarrassing for me.
You didn't give me a chance to explain.
What kind of woman are you to be so desperate?
I'm so embarassed.
Even Kim Sam Soon gets embarrassed?
Let's go picnic with Mi Joo tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Where?
I feel more like the kid right now.
Just look at all the fish!
What's that?
It's a huge shark!
It looks exactly like your Uncle, doesn't it?
Look, he's feeding them.
Please look over here.
One, two, three!
She doesn't eat onions?
Mi Joo... You have no idea how good onions are good for you.
If you don't eat onions, then you won't grow.
You have to eat them, okay?
And what did I say you have to call Unni from now on?
Little Auntie.
Say, 'Little Auntie.'
Is 'Little Auntie too hard?
Then, I'll go one above 'Unni.'
'Older Auntie.'
Say, 'Little Auntie,' 'Older Auntie'.
If you don't say them, then you'll have to eat the onions.
Do you want to call me 'Little Auntie' or eat the onions?
I guess this won't do.  Eat the onions.
Just leave her alone.  She's going to cry.
Why? She has to eat them.
She didn't call me Little Auntie.
Mi Joo, eat your sandwich.
Feed me too.
He disappeared.  Where's Momo?
Momo could get the meaning of the word for the first time.
However I...
Momo?
It's me. The keeper of time.
The professor of minutes and seconds.
It's must have been tiring for you today, wasn't it?
Should I give you some ice-cream?
Ah!
Stop, stop!
Momo...
This is a very important favor I'm going to ask you...
So listen very closely.
Can you scratch my back?  My back is so itchy!
A little higher!  More to the left!
Yes! Right there!  So refreshing!
You can stop now.
Thank you, Momo.
Casseopia, send Momo back home.
Goodbye Momo!  Goodbye!
What? A week? Where are you going?
I have to go to the States for a bit.
The States?
Why?
What is it?  What is it that you have to go all the way to America?
To drop off Hee Jin.
Hee Jin wants to go back to the States. Her parents are there...
I'm going to drop her off and she her settle down...
and I think it's going to take about a week.
What about Henry?
Can't she just go with Henry?
Henry's going too.
Then why do you have to go all the way over there?
Because...I'm doing this because we're friends.
Friends?
Since when were you guys ever friends?
You're going to wake her up.
I don't like it.
I can't send you.  Don't go.
Sam Soon...
Hee Jin sure is a weird person.  Why does she want this?
What's her reason?
It's our last time.
Are you guys filming a movie?
I just want to do it.
Why?
Because...You can't forget your first love?
Can't you let it go?  It's that hard?
Don't twist it.
Then what kind of sympathy is this?
You really are too kind.
Full of compassion, right?
Don't twist it, I said.
Why just stop there?
Why not just stay there?
That's not what we're discussing right now!
I held it in when I could.
At what point do I need to hold everything in?
I'm disappointed.
I thought you were going to understand.
At what point do I need to keep understanding?
I'm really disappointed too!
If you go, then end it with me.
I told you not to say that.
Who was the one who brought this up?!
You can't even wait for a week?!
No, I can't.
A person's heart can change at any time...
If that were true, then it wouldn't have been difficult for us in the first place.
You think I'm playing around with you right now?!
That's why I'm telling you not to go!
I don't like it!
I told you that I don't like it,  and yet you go anyways?!
Fine.
Rather than us dealing with it... I'll just go and ask her.
Are you insane?  Where are you going?
Yeah, I'm insane.
Let go.  Let go, so I can ask her!
Just stop this!
I hate you Uncle!
Stop yelling!
Stop fighting!
We'll stop fighting.
We'll stop fighting, so stop crying.
Don't cry.
We won't argue anymore.
We won't fighting anymore... So don't cry, Mi Joo.
Uncle did wrong.
I understand.  I won't go.
If you hate the idea so much,  I won't go.
Satisfied?
If I didn't refuse, you would've gone.
Thinking about it makes me upset.
Sam Soon-
I hate it that it's like the three of us are living together.
I'm not in the mood right now.
You're not going to turn around?
Please be careful.
You can put that over there.
Just a little more further back.
You can just place that there.  That can go over there.
Hey, Sam Soon. Come over here. Come and see this.
What is it?
Unni...
Why are you so clever, unni?
You realize this now?
I studied well.
Then how did I end up like this?
You?
Because you're Sam Soon.
Fine.
Because I'm Sam Soon... I'm going to stop for today.
Hey!  Let's finish this first!
You!
Sam Soon is busy right now.
I'm going to change our shop's name to YiYoung then!
She's testing me right now, isn't she?
Why aren't you calling me?
Let's have dinner together.
Call me.
-Call me
-My Hun
Who are you to order me around?
My Hun.
How could she refuse my call...
It's me.
I have something to ask you.
You're going back?
Yes.
Did you ask Jin Hun to send you off?
Why?
Do I... have to tell you that?
Because he's my man.
You're quite direct.
What's your reason?
I don't want to tell you.
If it's hard for you, you have Henry.
Henry's returning with me as well.
Then why do you need to take Jin Hun as well?
If Jin Hun doesn't want to go, then I won't push the idea further.
It was only a favor.
Are you still not over him?
Do you think this will bring Jin Hun back to you?
You think memories don't have strength?
Yes, you're right.
But, they'll always be there.
Memories... can't be erased.
I have no interest in taking Jin Hun away from you.
I just want to bury those memories with Jin Hun away.
There's no need for you beat around the bush, so just say it.
It's a departing trip.
That's quite a departing journey.
Taking him so far away.
I don't have anywhere else to put the other stuff you've given me, so I'm giving this to you first.
Did you throw it away?
I ate it.
You really didn't throw it out, and you ate it?
I ate it all.
It was delicious, wasn't it?
Yes.
That's a relief considering who made this for you.
That's why I can't send Jin Hun off.
No, I'm not sending him.
I'm so embarassed carrying this around, so just take it.
What is this?
What do you think?  It's a doll.
You want me to have this?
You think I'll play with this at home?
I've passed that age also.
Let's get married.
I don't like eating by myself.
Listen here Mr. Kwon Hae Yo.
Don't so be quick about everything.
We're not even dating so what's this marriage nonsense...
How could...
We've eaten out together, drank together, went to movies together... All of those things weren't qualified to be dates?
If you want to get married, ask another girl.
No, I'm going to marry you.
I've already been married before.
You think I want to do it again?
You've done it before, so wouldn't the second one turn out better?  Let's do it.
No.
I have no interest in marrying again.
Why not?
Why do you not want to?
Why won't you?
I only got married before because I was curious.
Why would you get married because you were curious?
My mouth hurts, so stop talking.
Fine.
Let's change the idea then.
Let's live together.
I don't want to.
Why not?!
I would have to cook, clean, and do everything in the house.
Why do you live like this?
My goodness!
My goodness...
What are you doing?
What are you doing?!
You said you would do something!
Stupid pig...
How could you take your anger out on this pig?
Do you want to eat some too?
Where did you go?
You refuse my calls?
You better not turn off your phone next time.
And when you're going somewhere, tell me...
and update me every hour.
Where did you come back from?
What were you doing to turn off your phone?
I went to go meet with Hee Jin.
She already packed all of her stuff.
So?
Are you going to go?
I told you that I wasn't.
That's the truth, right?
You don't trust me?
Alright, don't go.
If you don't go...
Do you want to go?
If I told you to go, would you go?
Yeah.
I...want to do this for her.
Only a week?
You really only need a week?
Go.
Go now before I change my mind.
What is wrong with you?
Neighbours can see us!
Let go!
Hold on just for a second.
I wanted to hug you all day.
Thank you.
You are Kim Sam Soon.
I knew you would understand.
Don't flatter yourself. You think I'm doing this because of you?
It's for my own comfort.
That's why...
You should change your name if you want to.
What?
If you want to do it, then do it.
Although I like Sam Soon,
it's not like I can do anything about it if you don't like it. Do it.
It would be great if you were a little doll and I could just put you right in my pocket.
I...
wish you were an apron, so I can have you around my waist all day.
That way you wouldn't go anywhere.
Hee Jin...didn't throw away the porridge I made and ate it all.
Is that so?
So... don't worry.
Thank you.
I guess this is real.
He really got rid of them.
Hello.
This is an application for a request in name change.
I've come to register.
Application for name change
He left yesterday. My sister told me I was crazy for letting him leave yesterday.
She said that there wasn't anyone in this world who is as foolish as I am.
I think the same way.
But...love can turn us into fools.
If someone liked my name as Sam Soon...
Then that person has become a fool as well.
I...am Kim Hee Jin!
Not Kim Sam Soon!
But Kim Hee Jin!
Under who's decision?
Who said you're Kim Hee Jin?
I told you that I liked Sam Soon!
Here.
So...starting from now... I'll be Kim Hee Jin?
Yes.
Is today the last day?
Yes, today's the last day.
I would've have come if you were Kim Hee Jin.
The only Kim Sam Soon in this world would climb this mountain because of what I said.
The least I can do is show my sincerity.
Excuse me.
Do you mind if I can just get that application back?
Of course.
I'm just going to look it over.
Kim Sam Soon.
Love...can really make you a fool.
A week has passed.
It felt like a year.
And...he has yet to return.